
Xoriant Python Automation telephonic Interview.


1)Explain About Project and current role
2)Question about current domain(SAN, NAS, DAS its protocol)
3)Framework Flow.
4)Explain the  private member and method in python. Is it really private?
5)Can we access the private member and method outside world.
6)What is Exception?
7)What does the except block?
8)Can we write finally and else block at a time?
9)If I written the return statement in try block then finally block will execute or not.
10) What is the purpose of "with" statement in file handling? Can we use the with keyword outside file handling?
11) About Diff between REST and SOUP API
12)RESTFul and rest API difference, is RESTful API is stateless or not?
13)Class method and static method and instant method.
14)What is a decorator?
15)How to run process background.
16)How to check current running process
17)How to check parent process
18)Can we execute file with execute permission
19)How to set permission to file?
20)What is Hypervisor
21)What is the Virtual and Cloud storage(Need to provide answer here)



Question with Answer:


Que.4)Explain the  private member and method in python. Is it really private?
Variable and method start with __ (double underscore) this mean private.

Que. 5)Can we access the private member and method outside world.
Answer:

Yes. Actually this is only conversion in python but we can access this member and method from outside world by using some special syntax:

objectname._classname__variablename
objectname._classname__methodname()

Que. 6)What is Exception?
Answer:
An exception is an event, which occurs during the execution of a program, that disrupts the normal flow of the program's instructions.

Que. 7) What does the except block?
Answer:
except is such block in which we can handle the appropriate exception based on the exception type.

Que. 8)Can we write finally and else block at a time?
Answer:
Yes. We can write finally and else statement at a time.

9)If I written the return statement in try block then finally block will execute or not.

Answer:
Yes. Finally block will execute before the return statement and then return statement will execute
Example:

devi@devi-Vostro-1540:~/hw$ cat ./ex.py
#!/usr/bin/python3

def fun():
    try:
        print("try statement before return.")
        return True
        print("try statement after return.")
    except:
        pass
    finally:
        print("Finally")

print("Before the function call.")
print(fun())
print("After the function call")

devi@devi-Vostro-1540:~/hw$ ./ex.py
Before the function call.
try statement before return.
Finally
True
After the function call
devi@devi-Vostro-1540:~/hw$

Que. 10) What is the purpose of "with" statement in file handling? Can we use the with keyword outside file handling?                            Answer:
Using with keyword we can open a file and python internally close the file at end of scope of with keyword.
We can not use with keyword outside file handling.

Que 11) What is difference between SOAP and REST API.
Answer:

Difference between Rest and Soap

SOAP

    SOAP is a protocol.
    SOAP stands for Simple Object Access Protocol.
    SOAP can't use REST because it is a protocol.
    SOAP uses services interfaces to expose the business logic.
    SOAP defines standards to be strictly followed.
    SOAP requires more bandwidth and resource than REST.
    SOAP defines its own security.
    SOAP permits XML data format only.
    SOAP is less preferred than REST.

REST

    REST is an architectural style.
    REST stands for Representational State Transfer.
    REST can use SOAP web services because it is a concept and can use any protocol like HTTP, SOAP.
    REST uses URI to expose business logic.
    REST does not define too much standards like SOAP.
    REST requires less bandwidth and resource than SOAP.
    RESTful web services inherits security measures from the underlying transport.
    REST permits different data format such as Plain text, HTML, XML, JSON etc.
    REST more preferred than SOAP.



Que. 12)RESTFul and rest API difference, is RESTful API is stateless or not?
RESTful is stateless and RESTless is stateful.


Que. 13) Explain Class method and static method and instant method.


Static Methods:

    Simple functions with no self argument.
    Work on class attributes; not on instance attributes.
    Can be called through both class and instance.
    The built-in function staticmethod()is used to create them.

Benefits of Static Methods:

    It localizes the function name in the classscope
    It moves the function code closer to where it is used

    More convenient to import versus module-level functions since each method does not have to be specially imported

    @staticmethod
    def some_static_method(*args, **kwds):
        pass

Class Methods:

    Functions that have first argument as classname.
    Can be called through both class and instance.

    These are created with classmethod in-built function.

     @classmethod
     def some_class_method(cls, *args, **kwds):
         pass

Que.14)What is decorater?
Answer:
It provides a very useful way to add additional functionality to existing functions and classes. They are functions that wrap other functions or classes.
In simple terms it is a way to dynamically add new behavior to some objects.


Que.15) How to run process backgroundly?
Answer:
To run a process in the background, include an & (an ampersand) at the end of the command you use to run the job.

16)How to check current running process?
Answer: ps -ef command

17)How to check parent process?
By executing ps -axvf  command. It will give output in tree hierarchy.

18)Can we execute file with execute permission?
Answer:  No


19)How to set permission to file?
Answer:
chmod user_group_other file_name
Eg. chmod 777 /abc.txt


20)What is Hypervisor?
Answer:
Hypervisor is such application using that we can create multiple OS on base hardware. Example Hyper-V, ESX, Oracle Box.

Que. 21)What is the difference Virtual storage and Cloud storage.
